Fix internal bevel joins for sectors (#507)
embedded-graphics/embedded-graphics: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased] - ReleaseDate

### Fixed

> - [#507](https://github.com/embedded-graphics/embedded-graphics/pull/507) Fixed drawing of the line join between the sector radial lines for sweep angles close to 360°.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#507](https://github.com/embedded-graphics/embedded-graphics/pull/507) Fixed drawing of the join between the radial lines for sectors with a sweep angle close to 360°.
```
